good friends welcome
He was my personal friend to the ex of Marc Webb
who was the person who talked about
encourage a kitten life another friend will
tired and good without saying more
we start with high- output laser
spectrum
live person I grew up in maracay state
aragua please sign habitat study
I already completed my circle to stop and it's like that
I came to caraca maracay
of all those sites
I'm not very attached in word
but it's because I repeat my love for
love life mariko
and who are you
a clear jet direct in English
with which to fill your arepa of the
people who say
with that the combination in any
combination too but if I have to
choose one personally I think it's
with salad
of hen arrived please
the reason why motivates me to acs
tower by this question casually what
that I would like to charge from venezuela well
I think the application to such a country
great opportunity with a lot of people that
wants to leave for I think I think in
change direction to is the way to
think about him missoula would not eliminate
that face of thinking
that everything will fall from heaven
wait for a miracle do not you friends
they want a long the miracle is done
take off the laziness that when they have
that throw garbage stop do not vote
in the streets lower the pot with
you a public bath learn to save
energy now water of our thinking
that outside does not have them because their meat
your skin or another do not worry about tricks
to good public service artifacts
just like the parks the beaches
our tourist landmarks remove the
shirt of that party of the other party
because the venezuela needs is union and
I do not work because as you know
who will see me that I would love to eliminate
9 Nezuela that when that day arrives
who will see venezuela manage to change
here and from here friends welcome to
future
there are so many blocks here and almost all
they are my friends I can mention them
Carmen efe dance not see norm of 29
arichuna meaning davis and agathe k
web file
Venezuelan October to throw a party
all that yes thumb is cloudy and
throw or to enter of likes the
bochinches we like to invest the fires
artificial a seer a whale a
initial part the mania to combine the
food the net on sunday the beach a
Sunday in the eastern part that
to cable efe l the 29 míster
the old section flights and the lord
adam again a good deed is over
question until he came to the distant in
the classroom and the next